NumPy contains a large number of various mathematical operations. NumPy provides standard trigonometric functions, functions for
arithmetic operations, handling complex numbers
Numpy library gives us functions such as real() and imag() to find real and imaginary parts of a complex number. 
    real() : To find real part of the complex number
    imag() : To find imaginary part of the complex number

The cmath module

Mathematical functions defined in math module of Python’s standard library process floating point numbers. For complex numbers, Python library contains cmath module.

Complex number z = x+yj is a Cartesian representation. It is internally represented in polar coordinates with its modulus r (as returned 
by built-in abs() function) and the phase angle Φ (pronounced as phi) which is counterclockwise angle in radians, between the x axis 
and line joining x with the origin. Following diagram illustrates polar representation of complex number −
Functions in cmath module allow conversion of Cartesian representation to polar representation and vice versa.

polar() − This function returns polar representation of a Cartesian notation of complex number.The return value is a tuple consisting 
          of modulus and phase.
          
phase() − This function returns counterclockwise angle between x axis and segment joining a with origin. The angle is represented in 
          radians and is between π and -π
          
rect() − This function returns Cartesian representation of complex number represented in polar form i.e. in modulus and phase

cmath.sin() − This function returns the sine trigonometric ratio for phase angle represented in radians.Similarly, functions for other 
              ratios cos(), tan(), asin(), acos() and atan() are defined in cmath module.

cmath.exp() − Similar to math.exp(), this function returns ex where x is a complex number and e is 2.71828

cmath.log10() − This function calculates log value of complex number taking base as 10

cmath.sqrt() − This function returns square root of complex number.
